Add F-G lettered article stubs from glossary (#3827)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Glossary/Grid_Snapping/en.md

---
tags:
  - lock
---

> # Grid Snapping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Grid snapping
```

> **Grid snapping** refers to a button on the right-hand side of the [beatmap editor](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor). Enabling it will force every [hit object](/wiki/Hit_object/) that is interacted with to snap along the intersections of the grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Grid snapping** refers to the act of using the `Grid Snap` button functionality in the [beatmap editor](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor). Enabling it will force every [hit object](/wiki/Hit_object/) that is interacted with by the creator to move to the nearest position along the intersections of the grid, or, in other words, "snapping." The `Grid Snap` button can be found on the right-hand side of the editor.

<!-- image of Grid Snap button location or the just the Grid Snap button itself -->
```

> The base level of spacing between each sector of the grid can be adjusted by pressing `G` or by going to `View` then `Grid Level`. Grid snapping can help with aligning objects to each other and arranging them in patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The base level of spacing between each sector of the grid can be adjusted by pressing `G`, or by navigating to `View` -> `Grid Level`. Grid snapping can help with aligning objects to each other and attempt to arrang them in neater patterns.
```
Comma seperates the two halves; makes it easier to read and speak fluently.
